Evals docs in Logfire (points to Pydantic AI) (#1374)
pydantic/logfire: docs/guides/web-ui/evals.md

# Evals (beta)

> View and analyze your evaluation results in Pydantic Logfire's web interface. Evals provides observability into how your AI systems perform across different test cases and experiments over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View and analyze your evaluation results in Pydantic Logfire's web interface. Evals provide observability into how your AI systems perform across different test cases and experiments over time.
```

!!! note "Code-First Evaluation"

    Evals are created and run using the [Pydantic Evals](https://ai.pydantic.dev/evals/) a sub-package of Pydantic AI. Logfire serves as a read-only observability layer where you can view and compare results.

## What are Evals?

> Evals help you systematically test and evaluate AI systems by running them against predefined test cases. Each evaluation experiment appears in Logfire automatically when you run the Pydantic Evals package with Logfire integration enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Evals help you systematically test and evaluate AI systems by running them against predefined test cases. Each evaluation experiment appears in Logfire automatically when you run the `pydantic_evals.Dataset.evaluate` method with Logfire integration enabled.
```
